Speculation rules add url params example (#33680)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/script/type/speculationrules/index.md

{ "where": { "href_matches": "/user/*" } }
```

> [Search parameters (or query strings)](/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL/search) can also be targetted in `href_matches`:
> 
> ```json
> { "where": { "href_matches": "/*\\?*(^|&)category=*" } }
> ```

Reviewer: I think it would be very helpful to have an explanation of what this example is doing, like:

```suggestion
[Search parameters (or query strings)](/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL/search) can also be targeted in `href_matches`. For example, the object below could match ...

```json
{ "where": { "href_matches": "/*\\?*(^|&)category=*" } }
```
```

...so people don't have to puzzle it out.

Author: Done!

> [Search parameters (or query strings)](/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL/search) can also be targeted in `href_matches`. For example, the object below could match all same-origin URLs with a `category` search parameter (where as the first, or later parameter):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Search parameters (or query strings)](/en-US/docs/Web/API/URL/search) can also be targeted in `href_matches`. For example, the object below could match all same-origin URLs with a `category` search parameter (as the first or a subsequent parameter):
```

(I'm not sure this is right so please check, but the original surely needs some kind of fix).

Author: LGTM. And not sure where that "where" came from! Oops.
